Good morning from the Asia Pacific. We
are half an hour away from the opening
bell. Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Shenzhen.
You're watching the China Show. I'm
David Inglas here in Hong Kong.
And I'm Averil Hong in Singapore. Our
top stories, Asian stocks under pressure
as fresh US data points to sticky
inflation despite slumping economic
activity, adding to uncertainty over the
Fed's next move on rates. Traders also
on watch for updates on trade talks
between the US and China as President
Trump says a deal with Beijing is within
reach. And we're looking ahead to the
Reserve Bank of India's rate decision as
Trump's warning of higher tariffs clouds
the inflation outlook.
[Music]
And we've got some breaking news for
you. We were watching Cafe because
earnings are coming up. This is of
course a stock that's risen 50% in the
past 12 months. But this Bloomberg scoop
is a big one because it is showing how
Kathy could be poised to make its first
Boeing order in 12 years. And of course,
David will continue to unpack the
significance of this potential order for
the Hong Kong carrier uh not just for
the airline but also what this means for
Boeing as well. As we know, some of
these jet orders have become
increasingly politicized under Donald
Trump. Uh but first a look at the market
action for the day.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And as you point out,
right, so we could get confirmation from
from the company when uh the company
reports results today and certainly that
is one key theme to track today. I mean,
a lot of stocks that we're tracking, Yum
China, of course, reported. So that's
the earnings theme which I think we can
get to into uh in more detail in a
moment here. Broadly speaking though and
speaking about the earnings theme I mean
decently heavy docket when you look at
the likes of Japan and South Korea for
example but apart from that there's
really not a lot of catalyst out there
could come in the form likely at least
what's visible in the form of the RBI uh
when you look at Asia right now it's
uneventful in fact the the the verb I'm
using today in our graphic is meandering
uh this Wednesday volumes are on the
lighter side of things I think the only
bits that are lifting the Asia-Pacific
benchmark today is are the gains we're
seeing in Australia. But apart from
that, as you can see, uneventful if not
cautious to the downside. 7/10 of 1% to
the downside here as far as Taiwan
market is concerned. Right. Going into
the rest of things happening today. Of
course, we had the uh some data coming
through out of New Zealand this morning.
I think we had the unemployment rate
coming in as well. 59 cents as you can
see there on the Kiwi dollar. uh twos
and tens well tens and tens Australia
and uh the US of course we can get into
the ISM numbers in a moment here but
certainly um underscores
the further softness that we are
continuing to see out of the US economy
there 147 the score at 148 here on
dollar yen very quickly golden dragon
index overnight we talked about earnings
right so we are likely going to get some
pressure coming going into the open
today uh we're down 610 to 1% yam China
big move to the downside there 6% they
didn't quite get to not even closed when
you look at the new new stores for the
second quarter about 120 stores short of
what they were estimating there. BYD and
again the meltdown mini meltdown that
we're seeing in EVs right now. Uh BYD
NEO leading the declines overnight going
into the open today. Uh we didn't get a
high bore setting in fact yesterday. So
I think that was because of the weather.
We'll get one today and the one today
will serve as a reference rate for uh
the absence of Monday. A50 futures are
pointing to the downside right now.
Yeah, but so lots to watch, lots on deck
today. April,
>> yeah, you talked about earnings, you
talked about the CGB sales, Hong Kong
dollar weakness and the highbo that we
are keeping an eye out on whether we get
any confirmation about this potential
cafe auto of Boeing jets, but uh worth
noting as well what we saw in southbound
flows just yesterday net buying overall.
Shanghai composite also rallied pretty
hard and we saw all sectors climbing.
will of course be watching the
brokerages as well. So, as you say, a
lot to keep an eye on today.
>> Yeah. Um, things I think
>> Yeah. On top of what? Go ahead, April.
>> So, we have we had that handover from
Wall Street, right? Which was pretty
pretty negative given the the services
data. Uh, so, you know, how does this
shape the Asia performance today?
I mean, we've been debating it this all
this whole week at April. Like, we went
into the Fed conversation. The rate cut
probabilities gone to 100%. We pulled
back from that 88 90% right now as I
speak. And again, um, quiet as far as
the macro data was concerned overnight.
It it looks quiet with the exception of
the RBI today, which we can get to in a
moment. But yeah, I mean, the setup for
today doesn't seem to be strong enough
either way. Uh, which is perhaps why
we're getting sideways trading, if not
to the downside. Uh make no doubt the
momentum in the last week and a half has
really been to the downside as far as
most benchmarks go. We touched records.
We almost pulled back from uh from one
overnight in the US. But yeah, the ISM
services number I mean all things equal
uh stag stagnating services sector in
the US which I guess goes into
um the need for the Fed to maybe lean
into the weakness even further. But
again, we have a few more data points to
get through before uh their next
meeting. So it that's still a guessing
game, but you know, as our guest
yesterday was pointing out, it does make
sense to increase those probabilities
going into the next meeting, April.
>> So what about China specifically for
today? What are the stocks that we're
going to be keeping extra close
attention to?
>> Yeah. Well, I was going to say Cathy
Pacific, but they just wheeled Danny
Lean. So he'll talk about Kathy Pacific
in a moment. That's an earning story
that's coming out today. Um I think 10
cent's going to be interesting because a
10-centent and 10 cent and Xiaomi and
similar reasons why. So that's number
one and number three as far as waiting
goes on MSEI China, right? I think
number two is Alibaba. Um both have
actually been testing their highs. In
terms of Xiaomi's case, they've been
pushing towards the moving average. We
get above that, we'll see. Uh Tencent's
actually been consolidating around 550.
If that sees a breakout, and as you can
see, that's really one stock that's
divorced from the Rage Mound trade.
we've seen in other platform companies
of late that could actually lift the
overall tide even further. Now I re I I
I bring up those two names as well
because I you know I was looking at the
southbound flows uh over the last let's
call it three or four days and yesterday
by the way the most purchases on the
part of mainland equity mainland
investors going back to April following
a you know heavy net selling the day
before a lot of the money went to three
things 10 cent Xiaomi and also some of
the tracker funds so some of the beta
plays which is why we are still getting
the benchmarks whether that's hanging
index or the Hen China index actually
bouncing off some key support levels. So
those two things I'm tracking. BYD
obviously we've talked about this will
you know McCory will be joining us with
their call on why the stock has yet to
catch a bid given how much it's already
declined. We're now at 30% give or take
from from the highs. Yum China that's an
earning story. And of course one other
thing is Inoscience which is a stock
that's been all over the place. 30% up
30% down. and I think 6% down yesterday
also has been very very actively traded
across the stock on April
>> and are we also seeing a sort of
consumption theme or other themes that
have reemerged I guess from the greater
China area in the past week
>> yeah so we I think we talked about
southbound flows and suffice to say
that's really one area we'll track as a
leading indicator of where the market
will tend to go that's number one um
highore I think is something interesting
because we've had interventions this
week right out of the HKMA. Um we didn't
quite get the setting yesterday. The you
know the the black rainstorm warning um
effectively meant some banks I think
were shut. So we didn't get a setting.
We'll get one today unless the weather
doesn't cooperate and today's setting
will obviously be the setting that would
be used for for yesterday. Apart from
that yeah Shahi composite I think you
talked about that already. Uh we're
three and a half year highs was a close
as of as of yesterday.
And then of course the big one out of
Asia today as you alluded to also is
that RBI decision. I mean a lot more for
these central bankers to consider. I
mean what else are we watching out for
for in Indian markets then?
>> Yeah I'm I'm not I'm not ready for this
RBI meeting. This is really where a lot
of the big themes are intersecting. I
mean who would have thought we'd be
talking about the RBI in the context of
the White House and Russia, right? And
you know the path of rates on the RBI
has been down anyway. I think we're down
about a 100 basis points on the
repurchase rate from uh from this time I
think in December. So we did a 25 25 and
50.
Market pricing suggests or has priced in
a further 25 either at this meeting or
in the next one in October. Now what's
interesting is the split of economists.
So a decent minority, we're talking
about a third of economists that we've
surveyed actually think that cut is
going to come today. The other
interesting bit which is related to that
on the tariff story and Donald Trump
saying he might up tariffs on India over
the next 24 hours. I think for one, if
the RBI had a choice to move the
meeting, they probably would just to get
more certainty around tariffs. The
Indian rupee the worst performing
emerging market currency since late last
week and I think MUFG said the RBI might
actually intervene to keep that at about
the 88 level. Yeah. So that's pretty
much the market's uh agenda for today I
guess.
>> Yeah. And I think we saw it the rupee
hitting record lows just a day ago. And
to your point the RBI decision falls
within Trump's 24hour window. But let's
also talk about Kathy, right? this big
scoop we've gotten.
>> Uh Kathy poised to place an order for
new jets from Boeing for the first time
in 12 years. Our aviation reporter Danny
Lee is with us now. So Danny, talk to us
about the size and scope potentially of
this deal. What is it going to mean for
Cath for Boeing?
Yeah, this is going to be a substantial
order for Boeing and a real win for
Boeing being handed an order from Cath
and over the last several years Boeing
has lost a series of order opportunities
to Airbus. So this is significant and it
marks a real comeback after know
multiple years here and what we are
hearing is that Boeing is Cath is
looking to order additional trip 7
aircraft the trip 7X which is still
under going on certification. Uh and so
this is really to underscore Cath's
longerterm expansion and ambitions. uh
but you know the undercurrents of all of
this this comes at a time when for
example Airbus was supposed to win a
large amount of orders from uh from you
know from Chinese carriers and it never
materialized because of this kind of
strain on ties between China and and
Europe but now Cath has come in with a a
big order boost potentially from what we
understand uh for Boeing aircraft so
yeah there's sorts of different
undercurrens great for Hong Kong great
for Cath uh great for Boeing but also
just the potential politicization of all
of this as well.
>> Danny, what does this mean for the the
program itself, the triple X uh the trip
7X program of Boeing
>> for the trip 7X? So, Kathy was already
one of the earliest airlines to to buy
into the trip 7X program. So, this
really underscores, you know, the
confidence that, you know, major
customers have in the trip 7X program.
Um and also just the fact for a
traditional customer uh of Boeings, you
know, like like Cath, you know, by
making that repeat order finally, you
know, given Hong Kong and Hong Kong
International Airport has expanded. So
for Cath, they really need to, you know,
maintain that market share into the next
decade. And how they do that, they're
going to add some Boeing aircraft on
top. They've already got, you know, over
100 Airbus aircraft on order. So, uh,
you know, there's some share now for
Boeing. Danny, thank you so much. Danny
Leer with the scoop on deck of course as
far as earnings go today. Cathy Pacific
and we'll have certainly more on on
Kathy Pacific itself. We have our
equities theme in fact covering the
stock itself. And as Averil was pointing
out, this is a stock that's gone up 50%
over the last 12 months. And we will ask
Averil whether that can actually keep
going.
I'm not sure I have the answer to that
question, but what I can tell you is how
we will try and digest uh in terms of
how significant this Boeing order is for
Kathy if we get some form of a
confirmation. But certainly to Danny's
point about how these deals or Boeing
orders potentially have been
increasingly politicized. In the
meantime, the US president also
threatening to increase tariffs on
countries buying energy from Russia.
This includes China and this is as we've
been mentioning after he already said he
would raise levies on India within 24
hours. Uh a Bloomberg News desk editor
Jill Dus is with us for this. Uh Jill,
break it down for us. I mean what is the
state of play when it comes to uh
importers of Russian energy? What kind
of tariffs could they be facing?
>> Yes. Uh April, there's such an
interesting I think dichotomy between
India and China on this issue in
particular. So as you know you mentioned
and as we've known uh Trump has really
kind of ratcheted up rhetoric on India
in particular slapping those 25% tariffs
on India now threatening to go even
higher because this all you know
apparently factors into the pressure
that Trump is trying to build on uh
Russian President Vladimir Putin to end
the war in Ukraine. Um that's by um you
know applying these secondary sanctions
or tariffs on these buyers of Russian
oil obviously as you mentioned including
India and China. Um, we don't know how
high those tariffs could go. Um, Trump
has just recently said, you know, he
doesn't really have a number in mind or
like maybe, you know, he hasn't really
said a number out loud, but, you know,
just a few weeks ago he was floating
tariffs as high as 50%, 100% um on uh,
you know, the trying to impact those
countries. So, we'll kind of see where
that goes. But again, that threat being
very real there. Uh, that though uh, in
contrast to the language that he's been
using on China a bit where, you know,
certainly that threat does seem to
exist. Um but at the same time it does
seem like the US is very very adamant
about trying to uh you know further this
in uh increasing this pause on uh the
the USChina tariff situation that could
potentially be extended for another 90
days or so. So yeah I mean very fluid
situation but obviously um you know
quite a lot going on when it comes to
how these tariff negotiations work with
both the US on India and on China. Yeah.
And the speaking of something that is
getting extended this this favorite sort
of cadence of time two weeks right a
week or so I think is what the US
president used for pharma and tariffs
there.
>> Yes that's right David. So I think that
um what we're waiting to see when it
comes to pharmaceuticals is what that
initial tariff ultimately looks like
because what Trump has been saying is
that he thinks there would be what he
describes what he characterizes as a low
tariff on pharmaceutical goods to start.
Although, you know, when it comes to
Trump, when we're dealing with, you
know, a global baseline of 10, 15%, you
know, obviously we have to see what that
looks like. Um, but then what he says is
after a year or so, um, he would expect
that to ratchet up to 150% 250%
uh, you know, tariffs on pharmaceutical
goods. I mean, we're looking at really
astronomical numbers here. All of this
part of his pledge to bring uh, you
know, this production back to the United
States. We'll see how that goes. But I
do want to point out that particularly
if you're India right now looking at in
addition to all these other tariffs that
Trump is threatening or even just
applying an additional tariff on
pharmaceutical goods obviously not
particularly good news there and unlike
China which does have that leverage of
that rare earth situation where I think
they have a little bit more negotiating
power when it comes to working with the
US. Um India doesn't really have that. I
mean they've got Donald Trump coming out
uh slamming their economy as being dead.
I mean you know truly kind of an insult
there. So I think that if you're India
in this specific situation um it's it's
a really difficult predicament to be in.
>> Yeah. And there we go. As Jill was
pointing out, the road leads back to the
RBI today. Jill, thank you so much. Jill
Dus is there a news desk editor.
Counting down to the opening of trade in
Shanghai and Shenzhen and here in Hong
Kong. A look at the weather outside
right now where we're coming off and
still by the way battling some very bad
weather out there. The Hong Kong
Observatory has now put out some
guidance that they do expect
um thundery showers. when you see their
phrasing here to start affecting Hong
Kong in the morning. Showers will be
heavy at times, thunderstorms around
noon. So again, brace yourself for some
fairly strong weather today. 13 minutes
of the opening bell. This is the China
Show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Hi, you're watching the
China show. Let's get you up to speed
with the UN fix. As we know, the PBOC
has been steadily trying to guide the
Roman a bit stronger and earlier in the
week, we saw it below the 714 level
Monday, Tuesday. Today, the fix above
that we're seeing 71409
as the reference rate. Uh so, you know,
maybe a bit to do with what we saw in
the dollar overnight, David.
>> Yeah. Um the dollar story is still
actually quite wanting as far as
direction goes. Um we're still in the
midst of a technical bounce. I mean you
could call it some support, but yeah,
all roads do lead to pointing to at
least dollar weakness moving forward. Uh
particularly if the Fed gets going. Uh
anyway, we can table that for now. The
other big story we're tracking here
today, Taiwan prosecutors have arrested
six people suspected of stealing trade
secrets from TSMC, sparking this
investigation into what really could be
a serious breach of national security.
and low our China correspondent is here
with us to talk us through this is
coming amid this tightening of the tech
race between the two and certainly
that's the context what do we know about
the story here
>> yes so Taiwanese authorities had
arrested uh or sorry they are
investigating arrested this six people
actually and they have um searched their
homes we know that FT reported that
authorities had separately also searched
the premises of Tokyo Electron in Taiwan
this is a company that has been selling
a lot of these equipments to TSMC uh
missing answer now is you know what is
the end goal of these people who stole
the technology? Who are they supplying
the information to? Authorities are
still finding out if the information
stolen had been leaked to any third
parties. But we know Nikay had
previously reported that TSMC had fired
some employees over suspicion that
they're trying to steal technology
related to the two nanometer chips and
these are the most cuttingedge chips
that TSMC can now manufacture. They're
planning to planning to massproduce that
by the second half of the year. And you
think about who might want to get their
hands on this technology, right?
Actually a long list of companies uh
including for example SMIC, the Chinese
counterpart that is now still only able
to produce 7 nanometers chips, but also
other rivals of TSMC including Intel um
that is trying to catch up as well. So a
lot of questions here. Of course, the
big context here is that Taiwan is still
also trying to negotiate for lower
tariffs from the US. Is this part of
measures to try to, you know, appease
the US concerns around security,
national security when it comes to chips
exports as well?
>> Yeah, Mim, when it comes to exports out
of the US, Nvidia chips comes to mind,
right? And we're also seeing how the US
is charging to Chinese nationals for an
export control breach of those chips.
>> Yes, chips really is at the center of
this t of war between the two nations.
And these two Chinese nationals are
being charged. They're accused of
sending tens of millions of dollars
worth of Nvidia chips to China without
acquiring the proper licenses for them.
Um, again, you know, this is coming at
the center of, you know, trade talks
that are still ongoing with President
Trump yet to announce an extension of
trade truths. comes as China on its part
had also expressed concerns over the
usage of Nvidia chips citing the Trump
administration's call to install these
location tracking capabilities in the
chips to ensure that they don't fall
into the wrong hands. So certainly this
uh latest charges on these two Chinese
nationals reportedly sending chips
illegally to China via Malaysia. This is
going to further derail uh those talks
that are ongoing as well.
>> Midman, thank you so much. Minman low,
our China correspondent there about 7
minutes uh to the opening bell here.
Hanging index lower going into today and
we're looking at a couple of things.
10-centent BYD we talked about that
we're lower in the pre-market again 1%.
This now takes the 14-day RSI to below
30 for the first time in about a year.
So that's one stock we're tracking.
Apart from that, we'll tell you about
everything else on the other side of
this break. This is the China show. Good
morning.
[Music]
And we're back with another scoop for
you. This time relation to Open AI. It's
said to be in talks for a share sale
that would value the startup at $500
billion. So, we're hearing that it is in
early talks about a potential secondary
sale of stock and this could be for
current and former employees and that
would take us to that valuation as I
said of about $500 billion dollars and
this is according to uh people familiar
with the matter. The company is
targeting this stock sale in the
billions uh of dollars. So, certainly
something we're keeping tabs on. David.
>> Yeah. Uh 500 billion would be just ahead
of Netflix in terms of just the the
market cap. So that's actually within
now it 500 billion buys you a ticket to
within you know to be among the 20
largest companies in the world on on
market cap of course not to mention
there might be other private companies
but yes substantial uh substantial
valuation there right going into and
speaking of tech and chips. chips is one
you know one level you know one area
we're watching equity markets today as
you can see on your screens uh you had
AMD of course and some of the guidance
coming through as pertains to the
Chinese market yum China out with
earnings the US markets reacted already
were going out today 6% to the downside
the open is
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. You know what? To be completely
honest, I am sick and tired of this
weather that we're going through here in
Hong Kong. And it's looking like again
another day of thunderstorms. You look
at the weather forecast out there, but
at least here's the thing. At least we
are sheltered. We have clothes on. We're
not hungry. Just to put your problems
into context for you, April.
>> Yeah. Nice to put things into
>> uh perspective. Um I don't really have
much to add on that actually. Always
thankful, always blessed. Yeah.
>> Um but maybe we can we can kind of
reenter the conversation.
>> Yeah. To what we're seeing potentially
in markets today. I guess I guess that's
a sign of the times, right? Uh what do
we have? Watching out for still I think
I've said this all of the past week.
Watching out for whether we see an
extension of the US China trade truce.
Uh in spite of that though, that absence
of that, we actually got a pretty decent
bounce on the Shanghai com just a day
ago to the highest in three and a half
years, I believe it was. And the climb
was the strongest since late June. So
perhaps unsurprising, we're seeing a bit
of a reversal. Uh today, not by much
though, just sitting a bit softer. Uh
worth noting that we continuing to track
some of these uh brokerages in relation
to you know what we're seeing out of
their uh overseas uh performances but
aside from that uh keeping tabs also on
the consumer themes um we did get some
of those earnings and I think if there's
any upside from these uh price wars
intense competition out of the mainland
uh it's you
helped Yum China do pretty well that
boost in profits because of some of
these uh lower delivery prices on the
platforms. We'll take a look at the
Yumchina stock in just a bit. But we can
also take a look at how uh the Hong
Singh is fairing overall. We did get a
negative handover from Wall Street no
thanks to the US services data and
that's really starting to show the
tariff impact creeping in to the
American economy. Right. A lot of the
economists that we've been talking to
say ultimately
um yeah, you got some of these Asian
exporters and US importers uh bearing
the brunt of it, but ultimately at the
end of the day it's going to be about uh
the US bearing the the majority of that.
So interesting to see we're seeing it
quite flat on Hong Singh as well. Tech
is down. Um aside from that, take a look
at Yam China.
Uh I think we can pull out how it's
performing following its earnings. There
you go. Five and a half% down. And this
is despite the beats in estimate. We'll
try to unpack that story a bit further
for you. And of course as we keep a
lookout for the impact from sectoral
tariffs from Trump, one of the key
sectors after autos, after steel,
aluminium, we are keeping close watch on
chips and farmers as well. So let's take
a look at China farmer stocks. Uh Trump
has said right you know might not be
150% might go up to 250%.
Uh what is this going to mean for the
cost of doing business and import
exports overall. So interesting to see
as well farmer resources Shanghai one of
these stocks we're watching out of the
mainland surging ahead 12% higher. Uh
but chip stocks that's the other bit
that we're focusing on today. David.
>> Yes. Yes. We're looking at that because
of the AMD earnings and the guidance or
lack of clarity I guess when it comes to
that as well. Just to clarify, we we
showed you guys. Can we just come off
this a little bit first because this GS
this Goldman Sachs note just to clarify
this because we showed that to you a
moment ago. Just to clarify that. Um, so
GS put out a note talking about delivery
platforms and how elevated subsidies
among those platforms might actually
mean a potential earnings upside for
freshlymade drinks names. There we go.
So I think the the way the graphic
bottom of the screens was was phrased
was perhaps not uh uh not ideal and not
uh so we're talking about mostly the it
looks the bubble tea makers. Yes.
Anyway, that clarifies that uh specific
note is is concerned which I'm now
scratching my head why we're doing that.
Anyway, okay. Um you don't want to get
in here. Let's talk about chips. There
we go. AMD out with profit shares
actually fell in postmarket trading. Uh
it did warn of this returns at a crucial
Chinese market remains a work in
progress. It's overshadowed gently
updates forecast for its AI business. So
you had negative but you also had a
positive angle coming through as well.
Chipmakers on the screens here in the
Asia Pacific. Masahiro Wakasugi is with
us. Our Bloomberg intelligence senior
analyst. Masahiro, good morning and
thanks for thanks for waiting around and
you know talking to us today. What was
the take key takeaway for you here?
>> Uh good morning. Uh yes uh if we look at
the IMD's results uh numbers uh look uh
it uh themselves are quite uh good and
uh in the conference call uh we are
seeing that some kind of discussion
about you know AMD's growth uh story
going forward and the market should be
focusing on the AMD's GPU products
revenue uh you know growth story and uh
uh I think that AMOD is pretty confident
about its growth uh uh story over the
you know next year or two and the
analyst in the conference call was
asking that if the you know uh AIGP
revenue can reach 7 billion US in 2025
after hitting around maybe you know over
4 billion US last year but you know AMD
was not mentioning the exact specific
numbers. So uh still maybe the market
might be a little bit concerned about
the you know tough competition against
Nvidia and the Nvidia's GPU revenue are
trending uh way higher than AMD. So
still uh market maybe a little bit
skeptical about AMD's growth story going
forward.
>> What about the super micro growth story?
Uh we see it cutting its animal sales
forecast as well.
Uh yes uh if we look at the super micros
uh you know earnings and uh it's uh you
know next fiscal year's revenue guidance
was uh they were pretty much uh like you
know they say that above uh maybe 33
billion uh US dollars maybe and uh in
the past uh uh the company was talking
about a bit higher numbers than you know
uh the uh current forecast for the 2026
fiscal Korea. So maybe the number was a
little bit disappointing in the market
and we think that it's a kind of the
company specific event. So uh at the
same time we saw and some other
companies reported that uh you know this
morning including Arisa networks and
Arisa networks supplies its products to
the you know they call it the AI titan
and including probably meta or some
other hyper scale you know cloud
providers and the numbers pretty good.
So we can say that the AI investment
environment should be trading quite
nicely at this point. So I think that
the supermarket situation seems to be
quite company specific.
Masahiro, thank you so much. Masahiro
Wakasugi, our Bloomberg intelligence
senior analyst there for technology on
the big uh earnings of course which came
out overnight and you know we're coming
off most already uh we're going into
Nvidia which is the big one as well. The
reason I bring that up is US earnings
have been a decent driver, a main driver
if you will, of US equity markets, which
up until the last 24 hours was pushing
towards a new record. You pulled back
from the edge. Marcela Chow is here with
us on set, global market strategist at
JP Morgan Asset Management. Good morning
and nice to see you. Start off with US
earnings. Sure.
>> What do you make so far?
>> Right now, we actually see uh yearto
date consensus actually has been beating
consensus. So right now we're expecting
2025 to reach around 7.7%. Which is
actually much higher than the 10-year
median average of 5.5%. And it's mainly
led by revenue growth and particularly
within communication services and also
technology and also financials. So um
all through first half of this year
market has been worried about the tariff
risk. We continue to believe this will
be a risk going forward but then so far
the impact seems to be relatively muted.
probably because companies that within
guidance we see that they have been
adapting with their um mitigation
strategies after learning from for
example COVID and also the pandemic and
also like the previous inflation spike
back in 2022 and so we continue to
believe that will still be a risk but so
far it's relatively muted in terms of
the earnings and then we see consumer
discretionary actually seems to uh
suggest that consumers are still
relatively resilient within the economy
as well. So yes, we see the labor report
has been weakening and then the economy
is cooling down, but then from the
earnings report is actually quite
encouraging.
>> Yeah, I was actually going to ask you
about that. I'm glad you brought it up
because the timing of when the earnings
came out also came at the same time
we've we started to get softer US
economic data.
>> Do you think earnings will continue to
remain somewhat resilient or divorced
from what looks to be a slowdown that's
coming in the US economy? for right
right now we continue to see uh earnings
uh should be able to continue to deliver
at least for the second quarter but
second half of this year we continue see
risk potentially from tariff etc but
then on the labor market report etc we
will also need to monitor for example
upcoming before the September decision
whether there'll be uh two more
inflation reports and also another job
report so those are the ones that we'll
continue to monitor as well
>> so what's the plan for the rest of the
year Marcela uh do you high mag sixes
and then maybe stay away from the
sectors that are a bit more tariff
exposed.
>> Yes. um domestically oriented ones uh
and also that uh more immune to for
example potential tariff uncertainties.
Those are sectors that we continue like
we continue within US equities actually
we see value within for example AI once
again um early in the year people market
was worried about the AI uh and also US
exceptionalism but right now we see
actually AI continues to be like giving
out gifts like um we we see uh hundreds
and billions of investment into
infrastructure and talent. uh let us
continue to play out in terms of for
example the data center in terms of the
cloud computing AI and its adoption rate
and it's actually broadening out not
just within communication uh services
and into in like it but also into
utilities and into for example uh
various other uh sectors like consumer
discretionary where companies are
actually using AI to uh hire new staff
etc. So this is actually uh uh adopted
uh broader across sectors and actually
benefiting various sectors as well. And
also with potentially US dollar
weakening as US economy uh cools down uh
we see uh value into or actually
interest back into Asia and as more
clients have been also asking about
Asian equities value which we remain
quite constructive on.
How would you sort of include these
potentially higher uh tariffs
particularly on chips right uh into what
we see on the cost of AI buildout for
some of these US tech names?
>> Indeed. uh we see um for example the um
expense this this will pro probably um
with the semiconductors and also other
sectoral sectoral tariffs that will
continue to impact for example uh the
development of AI possibly within Asian
economies but we see that they do have a
cutting edge in terms of development and
infrastructure so uh that's why in at
the beginning of this year there was the
resurgence of examples soft tech with
deepsek etc. And gradually as AI
continues to evolve we see also the
demand back into like hot tech hardware.
So that's why we see the uh um
outperformance in Korea and Taiwan. So
those export oriented economies might
continue to be uh make uh underperform
due to like export orientation but then
we see because of the cutting edge
development and technology those will
also continue to benefit and uh within
Asia uh given how there's a strong
internal consumer impulse. So there are
um economies that will continue to
benefit like Indonesia, Thailand from um
tourism etc. So we'll b we'll balance
between the export oriented economies
and also the domestically oriented ones
to strike a better balanced portfolio.
>> Okay. Where does this leave China? Just
very quickly Marcella
>> indeed. Um right now we see that the
data has been relatively mixed in terms
of macro outlook but then we see uh
actually uh within China we actually
suggest a barbell strategy in terms of
the offshore ones where we initiate this
term called T tea where T is like um
technology and also the IP development
globalization of uh biotechnology and
also for example in entertainment
business with um uh movies etc and e
with with the um experiences, personal
experiences of uh various um instant
gratification of this new gen C uh
generation and also with affordable
luxuries uh within consumer
discretionary and meanwhile in the on
the on show we actually uh remain
constructive on those uh for the high
divin stocks uh given it resilience to
potential uh volatility and uh market
uncertainty going ahead.
>> Marcela, thank you so much. global
market strategist there at JP Morgan
Asset Management. Braving the weather,
coming in here to see us, of course,
here in our studios today. Coming up,
uh, we'll take a closer look at BYD, the
world's biggest EV maker. Can't seem to
catch a break. Stock is down again one
and a half%. We're now trading at 110
Hong Kong dollars a pop. Eugene Seia
joins us in a couple of minutes to talk
us through, do you buy the BYD dip? Do
you catch a BYD bid? is here's Mumbai.
[Music]
Welcome back. We're looking at shares of
BYD. Broadly speaking, of course, EVs,
you know, the leading EV maker is
competition really eating away at, you
know, the outlook, right? When you look
at the monthly numbers, it's certainly
shown that in order to get to the annual
target, it will need to deliver quite a
substantial second half of the calendar
year. Stock, as you can see, is now
trading at 110. It's below the 200
moving average. A measure of technicals
indicating the stock is oversold for the
first time in about a year or so. That's
about now about a 30% draw down on the
share price. itself. So I guess that's a
simple question. Do you buy the BYD dip?
April.
>> Yeah, good question and I think we're
going to discuss that with our next
guest who has an outperform rating on
BYD and sees the company shifting to a
value for money strategy through the
rest of this year. Eugene Seia is head
of China equity strategy at Mccari
Capital. So Eugene, we'll get to your
price target and whether we should be
buying the dip at this point, but you
know, as David was alluding to, with
these July numbers, is it getting
increasingly difficult? Do you think BYD
is going to meet its annual sales
target?
>> Uh the short answer to that is no. Uh
we've actually recently uh cut our B uh
annual forecast for the volumes that are
already to be sold this year. Right now
the company is guiding for 5 a.5 million
units including overseas. uh the
overseas number is very strong. We do
think that there is uh scope for them to
be ahead of their expectations. But of
course, as David just mentioned, the
domestic sales have been weaker than
expected. And that's primarily due to
this very strong competitive dynamic
this year we've seen in China in the
mass market uh for EVs
>> very strong overseas. So does that
include I guess Europe? Uh what are you
seeing in terms of that shakeup or sort
of competition with Tesla?
Uh at the moment we don't see BYD as a
head-to-head competitor with Tesla. I
think right now the strategy overseas is
to be a bit more broad-based. Uh clearly
they're entering into as many
geographies as they can get into not
just Europe of course including LAM,
Azion, uh Australia of course and Mccori
included. Um so you can sort of see that
this is a strategy which is much broader
than Tesla's and the price points are
going to be much wider. So for instance
recently in Europe they've launched uh a
version a car called the dolphin surf
which is a you know variant of the
seagull model that's very popular in
China and that's at a much lower point
price point than most Teslas
>> right and Eugene at what point David
here by the way at what point do you
think the stock becomes really a proxy
for its global ambitions rather than
competition domestically?
I think at this point most people are
aware of uh BYD's global ambitions and
when we think about the investor base
you know this is a very large liquid
stock and there's a lot of global
investors that already own the shares
most notably Berkshire Hathway of course
and I think that when you're thinking
about the longerterm growth trajectory
for Q it is mostly going to be dependent
on the overseas markets so it's a it's a
very uh something that people are trying
to price in right now but as I think we
alluded to earlier there are a lot of
risks around the geopolitics of course
and that's weighed on the stock bit as
well.
>> Right. Do you think the I think one of
the things I want to bring up and hoping
you could elaborate on this. One of the
things you point out is this
anti-involution policy overhang which I
guess alludes to your note of
competition there will resolve in about
one or two months. In what form do you
think it will how do we know it's being
resolved effectively?
>> Yeah, I think when you look at the
actual share price of BYD, it reached a
peak I think around miday and it's
declined fairly sharply since then.
That's coincided with a couple things. I
think first we've seen the volume
slowing down which you just discussed,
but also at that time there was a lot of
commentary about this excess competition
in the Chinese EV markets and I think
that has also weighed on BYD shares
because it looks like the government is
trying to tighten uh the marketing
practices of a lot of these EV companies
in China which is a near-term headwind.
I do think that goes away and the main
reason for that is because EVs will
remain a priority sector for the Chinese
government. I I don't see any reason for
that to change. And that's why I think
once they sort of sort out some of these
near-term sales practices, be it paid to
suppliers or how they uh pay dealers on
time, etc. Once that gets all sorted
out, I do think that the regulatory
overhanging lift
>> near-term among the EV players, which
ones do you see better placed or
positioned to preserve their sales,
their margins?
I think when you're thinking about it,
generally speaking, there's two things
that you really want. Uh the first of
course is volume so you can get the
scale and that will help to drive
margins. The second of course is price.
Price has been the hardest thing in
China. Um in the near term the best
performing companies in terms of
fundamentals have been names like Lee
Auto, names like Xiaomi for instance
that sell quite more expensive car. You
know, when you think about the price
points here, you're looking at like a US
dollar 35 maybe $40,000 car versus your
typical BYD, which is like a 15 $20,000
car. However, BYD has remained very
profitable mostly because of their
scale, their volume, their cost
advantage. We don't think that changes.
We think that's an enduring uh
competitive mode for the company, which
is why we're still outperform rated on
this name.
>> Yeah. So, talk to us about that price
target. What's the thinking behind that
a bit further?
I do think that this company has a lot
of levers they can pull uh especially
into the second half of the year. While
we did recently lower our volume
expectations, I think that BYD is
looking for different strategies they
can adopt in order to help lift their
volumes for the second half. For
example, last week they just launched a
variant of one of the more popular
compact SUVs. Um that doesn't include
the ADAS system. So it's sold at a 25%
lower price. I think that's very
attractive for consumers right now that
are very price sensitive in in China.
Eugene, very quickly in 20 seconds or
so, stock split, share price is lower.
Do you think retail investors will come
in and be attracted by that corporate
action a few a few weeks ago?
>> I think for the H share, we've seen it
happen already. Uh the A has been very
recent, so that's probably less so. Um
but overall, I think it's already in the
shares.
>> Fantastic. Eugene, have a great rest of
your Wednesday week ahead. Eugene Sia,
the head of China equity strategy at
McCory Capital. Uh right, plenty more
ahead here on the China show.
[Music]
Let's take a look at markets. Young
China, as we've been mentioning, is one
of the stocks we're watching really
closely, falling as much as 6% in Hong
Kong earlier. This is tracking the
declines in the US stocks. Uh after you
know we saw that uh prudent sales
guidance. Morgan Stanley though saying
that this correction appears overdone.
We did after all see it beating
estimates because this delivery war in
China has been helping it to boost sales
via some of these lower uh platform
fees. I guess that's one way of looking
at it. So down still on the stock but as
I said Morgan Sally sees that as
overdone a correction. China baby stocks
that's uh up on your screens and we're
seeing that uh climbing as well. They're
in focus because of this free preschool
education plan among the stocks that
we've been watching in the session
today.
[Music]
Welcome back to the second hour of the
China show. Here's a look at the Hung
into the session actually not giving us
that much
>> direction despite that bounce from a day
ago. So I guess this is uh upside if
you're considering how Wall Street
performed. We saw that US services
activity number also raising concerns.
These cracks increasingly uh showing up
in the US economy. So a lot to consider
when it comes to trade today.
>> Yeah, certainly a lot. And you know, so
we went from the jobs number to the ISM
and then we have a couple of more I
think inflation and job sprints coming
through before the next Fed decision.
Plus, of course, you might get someone
new at the Fed as well, right? So, lots
to consider as we sort of go through
that conversation. The other thing I'd
mention to as we look at the other
things in the market today was the fix
and the reaction that we did see uh to
the upside on dollar China. That's point
number one. Uh in terms of the earnings
theme today, decently busy as far as
South Korea and some Japanese names are
concerned. Not too high up as far as
market cap waiting is concerned.
Decently long list is just to clarify of
course what I meant by that. Uh apart
from that um it's really about the RBI
which we can get to in a moment here and
of course the tariff conversation which
today is coming in the form of two
things. One is India what it means for
the RBI their energy reliance or what
they're doing energy strategy as it
pertains to Russian imports. The other
thing is on pharma and Donald Trump
saying that chip and pharma tariffs are
coming in the next week or so.
behavioral.
>> Yeah, to your point, I think India is
really feeling the heat, the price
they're paying on their reliance from
Russian oil imports and Trump is, you
know, making uh no apologies at this
stage really going after buyers of
Russian crude or energy for that matter.
So that includes uh both India, that
includes China uh as well. But to your
point as well on sectoral tariffs, this
is something that the economies we've
been speaking to or the macro
strategists we've been speaking to all
of this week have been saying to watch
out for right after we get these levies
on these countries is about the specific
sectors he's put in place tariffs
already on cars, steel, aluminum. So now
we're watching out for farmers and
chips.
>> Yeah. Uh, and really what the it when
Donald Trump says it might be on the low
side of things, again, calibrate your
lenses, right? 10% 10 to 15% is
certainly something to watch. And I
think that goes into the RBI to your
point, right? Where it's usually a
non-event as far as plot lines are
concerned for the RBA. It was fairly
straightforward, right? There was a case
to cut. There's certainly been a case to
ease interest rates. I think we're down
about 100 basis points from, you know,
we had 125, 125, and a 50. And then
there's still a 25 left. that's still
priced in. And the question is do we get
it today or do we get it at the next
meeting? And that actually the the how
that's changed within those two meetings
is because of what's taking place in
tariffs. Um a sizable minority, we're
talking about roughly 30% of the
economists surveyed actually think that
rate cut comes uh today. So we'll see
what happens with that. Uh the currency
of course is the the worst performing EM
currency since late last week. uh MUFJ
thinks uh the RBI will actually
intervene at 88 to cap it at at 88.
Anyway, we can we can talk about uh in
India a bit later on, but yes, it's
certainly something that we're tracking
over the next few hours or so. April.
>> Yeah, in the meantime, let's unpack that
terrorist story a bit further. Our
senior editor, Bill Far joins us. So,
Bill, Trump's saying a lot when it comes
to potentially India and China, how they
might get hit with higher tariffs. Is he
treating India differently than he might
be treating China though? All things
considered,
>> it certainly seems that way. I mean,
this downward spiral we've seen in the
US India relationship is not something I
think anyone expected say five or six
months ago when Trump took office. He
and Modi had a very good relationship in
his first term and it looked to be going
that way in the second term. His focus
in recent weeks on India has been quite
uh quite harsh. He's, you know, he's
threatened, he's put the 25% tariff on
to begin with, which was higher than,
uh, most countries. He's talking about
increasing that and also hitting the
pharmaceutical sector, which is an
important export market for India. India
imports about 1.7 million barrels a day
of Russian crude. China imports about 2
million barrels a day, but we don't see
that same kind of rhetorical warfare
against China. Trump even saying that he
thinks he's close to perhaps extending
this truce he has with China and and
going forward. So, it's possible China
might get hit with additional tariffs as
well uh when all is said and done in the
next several hours or days when Trump
comes out. But right now, he's
definitely he's definitely directing his
anger much more at India than Beijing.
>> Yeah, the eye is clear. What about
sectoral tariffs? I mean, we could see
farmer tariffs go up to as high as 250%.
What should we realistically be
expecting for sector specific levies?
>> Yeah, it's a huge open question right
now. I mean, we're talking about
pharmaceuticals, we're talking about
semiconductors, the administration
previously signaled that while the
pharmaceutical tariffs could be high,
they could jump up to a couple hundred%.
That their inclination was to start low.
What does low mean? I don't think
anybody has a, you know, anyone has a
clear idea of that right now. Uh, but
the idea was perhaps phase them in over
time over a year or two, give companies
time to set up some more production in
the United States. But it's uh what
Donald Trump considers low may not be
what the markets or what companies or
governments consider to be low. to your
point earlier about how he might be
treating China a little bit differently
now. What does this mean about the odds
for a Trump C summit or USChina trade
talks? How are they progressing?
>> Well, he said that he basically wants to
meet uh Xiinping to help sign that deal.
So, he wants to have more of a
comprehensive agreement uh that
justifies him either going to Beijing or
the two leaders meeting somewhere else.
There's definitely an interest on Don
Donald Trump's part, but he's a
dealmaker. He wants to have a big
ceremony and uh and there's going to be
a lot of big issues to work through
before we get to that point.
>> Bill, thanks for helping us unpack all
that. Bill Far's Bloomberg, senior
editor. David,
>> yeah, you know, let's continue the
conversation with Natexis. Alicia Garcia
Herrera, chief Asia-Pacific economist,
is with us right now to help us
understand the broader and longer term
implications now that Alicia, good
morning by the way. Now that we, you
know, we're starting to see the tariff
fence form. I know you guys held uh a
webinar yesterday for your clients. I
got an invite. Sorry, I couldn't attend
that. But yes, help us understand what
do we need to be thinking about next
here, Alicia.
>> Well, what is next is of course uh
sectoral tariffs that may change the
picture. We have kind of a nice picture
for Japan and South Korea thanks to big
tickets. Yeah. investment in the US uh
all the way to 550 and 350 billion
respectively Japan and South Korea. So
those tickets have they bought that's
the question. Have they bought
exemptions? They bought exemptions on
the autos because they were already
there. But what about semiconductors?
Uh same thing with pharmaceutical and
Europe. Have we bought that ticket? We
don't know. So you know that's a big
one. Uh talking about tickets, let's
talk also about trans shipping tickets.
Yeah. How who has bought that? We know
Vietnam is is basically nailed on 40%
friendship in tariffs, but what about
the others? According to Trump,
everybody will go through that, but
we've not really seen the details. So,
in that regard, we don't really know
where each of of these countries really
stand at the end of this of this route
because we've only had um basically
part of the picture. um reciprocal uh
but but but the rest is very important.
So on on your question, I think we
really can't yet say who is a winner,
who is a loser,
>> and it's it's degrees of confidence if
your company is trying to figure out
first if you'll spend really to rejig
your supply chain. And the, you know, in
a few months we'll be 25% done with, you
know, Donald Trump's second term. And in
3 years, that's that's a that's a fairly
quick period of time. by the time you're
finished moving your factory, the tariff
conversation might be different. What
advice do you have for companies now
needing to think about their supply
chains? Alicia,
>> so I so a piece of evidence and an
advice. Um the first uh piece of
evidence that kind of brings me to my
advice is that if you look at the
investment announcements, foreign direct
investment of of companies in the world,
they're all
>> trailing towards the US. So Samsung,
Hundai, Seni, you know, a lot of
pharmaceutical companies, Swiss
pharmaceutical companies, even if Swiss
has Switzerland has also been really
hurt massively uh with a final uh deal
on tariffs. But but they seem to believe
tariffs will be high. That's my point.
Why? Because they are making
announcements to basically operate in
the US. Much less so when you look at
investments into Asia and this is not
China. China, we know that foreign dire
investment has been, you know, down and
down since COVID basically. But what
about the rest of Asia? They were
receiving huge amounts of investment in
a way partially from China to bypass
Trump 1.0 tariffs. But this is not
happening anymore if you look at the
announcements. So the question is will
we have um for companies a strategy that
will move beyond China plus one to Asia
plus one i.e. Asia is not safe any
longer at least as far as the US market
is concerned. So you know this is this
is really the key question is is the
whole Asia pack and when I talk about
Asia let's put aside India I heard what
you said. I mean it is not a done deal.
Let's let's see what happens because I
think the US does need India and there
may be a compromise there. But Southeast
Asia that's a Chinaentric
supply chain. So for me given the level
of tariffs again and also the trans
shipping that may actually affect the
whole region not only Vietnam that's
that's quite clear. We don't know the
level though um that that's too much of
a tariff wall to continue to invest in
Southeast Asia to bypass the Chinaentric
tariffs that we had before. So this has
this is a big change for supply chains
within Asia.
What about
integration of trade among the Southeast
Asian countries? If we say take China
out of the equation, what are you seeing
there?
>> Well, that's a great question, Aric,
because for me, there's two things
happening. First, as I said, uh, Asia
plus one, meaning if I'm a western or a
US or or a European manufacturer
producing in in Southeast Asia for for
the Western markets, maybe that's not
something I'm going to pursue further.
Tariffs is the reason. And I also need
to invest in the US because I've been
asked to invest in the US. But what if
I'm a Chinese manufacturer? What do I do
elsewhere? If any way I'm going to be
chased in a way or another, shouldn't I
continue to invest in Southeast Asia and
in a way transform enhance the existing
supply chain to serve the rest of the
world that is the global south and big
question mark. Will that also be Europe?
Because if that Europe is included in
the second equation in the existing
basically Chinacentric supply chain in
Southeast Asia, I think Southeast Asia
will continue to flourish because that's
big enough. Of course, it's not the
whole pie as they used to have, but it's
big enough. So Europe is actually very
important in this equation and that's
why we need to to really focus on on
whether Europe is going to put more
barriers on China but also is going to
follow the US in in the trans shipping
story because that would change the
picture enormously negatively but this
this is unlikely very unlikely
>> you talk about global south let's focus
on India I mean the RBI decision may be
complicated because of Trump's 24hour
hour uh tariff window. Uh but before we
talk about what we might see of the RBI
today, what is your sense of maybe some
of the longer term structural shifts
>> that India has been trying to engage in?
How is this tariff growth trajectory
affecting things?
>> Well, uh long story short because it's
such a good question, but I think it it
boils down to China needing
manufacturing FDI. We know this since um
the elections. I think this is really
very much behind the lack of you know
good jobs, manufacturing jobs and the
discontent.
Um now I think Modi got the message and
and felt and kind of explore three
venues Kazan uh bricks summit knocking
at China's door uh but of course with a
lot of constraints uh Modi cannot offer
everything to to China. We had Shay in
in but you know a lot of the other deals
by way it's just not really happening in
the way that maybe Modi would have liked
in terms of job creation but there's
this big China thing in India and it's
very hard to change then we had Schul's
visit in October 2024 the German
manufacturers coming to India hasn't
happened really not they're stuck in
China they they're just continuing to
invest in China and I think they're not
seeing India as the next market yet and
then the US deal. This kind of, you
know, accelerated when Trump won the
elections and we had like a peak in
March and then we thought we were going
to have a deal beyond the tariff. I
mean, like a big opening to of the
Indian market to US companies to
manufacture in India. It hasn't
happened. So what is Modi going to do
now? Where is he going to get this FDI
given the level of tariffs? even even
worse that this is making things very
difficult because even a a European
manufacturer may want to go to India to
export to the US. So you know I think
India needs to solve this problem if
it's at the at the cost and I saw the
estimates is really barely 0.2% of GDP
additional cost if they switch um from
um Russian oil to to elsewhere. So I I
know geopolitically is costly for India
but I think they need to go for it.
Alicia, just to I guess wrap up the
conversation with a look at the here and
now as far as India goes and you know
the the rate decision today is the and
this might not just be an India question
by the way. Is the case for lower rates
as concrete and as clear now for India
and other parts of EM Asia as it's been?
In other words, do we get much lower
rates ahead uh the next six months?
Let's call it that.
Well,
had you asked me this question before
Friday, I would have said uh yes because
you know we had the strong dollar
tariffs were pushing currencies and you
know it was all about making room to
export. Yeah. I mean making room and and
especially if China gets a better deal
so that you know for me it was a weaker
currencies and central banks helping
including India for other reasons. uh
but but overall yes but you know now
we're seeing a weakening of data US data
a much more fragile if you want
institutional framework because of
what's going on with the Fed um you name
it so that turning
the dollar may actually soften if you
want the pressure uh on these currencies
and and therefore also the pressure on
central banks to cut rates further.
Alicia, really great to chat with you.
Thanks for your analysis, Alicia Garcia
Herrerero, chief Asia Pacific economist
at Net Tixis for us. And still ahead on
the China show, Trump's tariff shock is
putting pressure on India's central
bank, which is set to announce its rate
decision Wednesday. Will break down
what's at stake. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
right on on your screens right now.
Well, here are my rights. Kids want
children products 1 and a half%
being mates 3.8%. If you're unfamiliar
with these names, these are some
companies that cater to the baby or
child economy, if you will. Uh Shinua
News reporting yesterday that the
government is planning to gradually roll
out, get this, free preschool education.
Minman Law, our China correspondent, is
here with us to take us through what the
Shinwa report was and how this will be
implemented. Minman,
>> yes, this was actually announced during
the two sessions in March this year. The
government announced the intention or at
least the goal to provide preschool,
free preschool education. And now we're
starting to see the measures being
gradually rolled out. And among them
include, for example, getting
preschools, public preschools to offer
free tuition fees for final year
students starting from the fall of 2025,
so this year. Um and also getting
private preschools to lower the fees in
line with public standards. Uh provinces
are being asked to provide more support
for disadvantaged students. The
government also considering uh providing
subsidies as well. We know from local
reports that the central government will
be funding most of this providing about
50 to 80% of the funding costs for
provinces. Um and it could benefit as
many as 10 million kids. And this is
coming as part of a broader series of
measures that we have been hearing
recently. Right. There had been recent
announcements of child care subsidies
for kids under 3 years old. Uh Beijing
for example also announcing that it
would start to include assisted medical
technology into medical insurance. So
all part of measures to try to boost the
birth rate. The idea being that if you
have free pre preschools, you lower the
financial burden of raising a child.
Maybe more parents will be willing to
have kids.
>> Yeah. And so the overall impact then on
the macro economy, we get, you know, we
get more and more of these measures in
place. You know, at some point this
really adds up.
>> Yes. And this is really a consumption
stimulus in disguise, right? Because the
government has announced that they want
to expand consumption of goods but also
of services. And that led to speculation
about whether or not the government is
going to expand those subsidies beyond
home appliances and electronics to
services as well. And now we are seeing
these subsidies coming through in the
child care sector in preschools. Um we
know that elder care is also another
sector earmarked for uh expanded
services as well. Um so it's going to
add up to you know boosting consumption.
I remember when I spoke to a demographer
many years ago he told me that
demographics has been one of the most
underrated factors driving growth
because parents are just hardwired to
spend on their kids. You think about,
you know, the level of the amount of
money you pay for your fertility
services, the medical checks, and then
your swimming lessons, your ballet
classes, and you said that, you know,
the easiest money to earn is from a
mother. So, I guess this is all part of
that you you boost the number of babies,
you boost growth as well.
>> Men love. Fantastic. Thank you so much.
Great context there out of our
correspondent. In some other corporate
news we're tracking this morning, uh,
Beethoan is launching this program of
subsidies to support more small more
small restaurants. Okay, let's try that
again. Uh, in a statement on WeChat, the
company says it wants to help small
outlets achieve stable growth and fight
against overcompetition. Now, Mtowan and
its delivery rivals, including, well, we
talked about mine and JD.com here, uh,
recently promised to curb what Beijing
calls disorderly competition under
pressure from government officials to
curb this price war. Now, Bloomberg has
learned that Alibaba, the Alibaba group
to be more specific, is winding down its
membersonly stores. Its supermarket
chain, Homa, has begun closing premium
outlets that require an additional or
annual subscription for access. The move
marks a strategic retreat from a model
that struggled to compete with Costco
and Walmart's Sam's Club. Now, Bloomberg
has learned that uh OpenAI is in early
talks for a secondary share sale that
could value the company at around $500
billion. Sources say investors,
including Thrive Capital, are looking to
buy shares from current and former
employees. OpenAI's previous valuation
stood at $300 billion in a $40 billion
financing round, then led by Stock Bank.
We will leave you with a look at markets
where most benchmarks are on the
downside. The nickel though going into
the last what 7 minutes of the morning
session is higher by about 610 of 1%.
[Music]
Welcome back. Here are some of the big
stories we're tracking around the world.
Israel is said to be weighing a full
military takeover of Gaza despite
concern among military chiefs and the
public that such a move jeopardizes the
prospect of Hamas freeing its remaining
hostages. Uh an Israeli official also
told us that the plan would face
considerable international opposition.
Now, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
plans to convene his security council to
finalize a strategy.
President Trump says Scott Bessant
doesn't does not to be more specific
there and clear does not want to be
nominated to succeed J. Pal as the next
Fed chair. Now, Trump told CNBC that
Bessant says he wants to stay on as a
Treasury chief. Trump also says a
decision on a replacement Fed governor
will be made within the next few days.
Right, a quick glance at FX markets
where it's really about dollar supports
and does it hold? The data suggests so
that we might break some of the key
levels there. We've been trading at
about 1209 1210 on the Bloomer dollar
index. It's quite across currency
markets today.
[Music]
Right. Uh, welcome back. You're watching
the China Show. Well, okay. big step
back and quite a quick one of that here.
Uh a fifth of 1% to the upside across
the Asia Pacific. A lot of that is
really down to some of the big moves
we're seeing in Japan's extensive 1%.
The rest of the region either flat to
slightly lower. Topics index 1.1% going
into the lunch break, right? Uh goes
into really what we're checking here
today as far as Chinese markets go and
we're down about a quarter to 1% on the
hanging index. HST as well. Uh we've
been keeping an eye on southbound flows
following I think the biggest net
purchase yesterday across a southbound
stock connect going back to April which
follows the biggest net selling on
aggregates net net going back to I think
May. So uh that's certainly something a
a uh a wall of support that's really
come across the border and why these
benchmarks remain still quite big. Shah
composite tur morning is extending and
I'll be extremely generous here because
it's only about two and a half points
extending a three and a half year high
close that we had on Tuesday. Okay,
we've been talking about this. Minman
just took you through the reports on the
the focus on free preschool education
and some of the baby related childcare
related names are on the way up. Number
one, number two is China equipment
stocks policy support that's coming up
on your screens as well very very
shortly. uh some of the heavy equipment
makers of course uh on the back yeah
there we go of uh support of financial
resources there uh way high automation
up that should be limit up there we go
traded in Shenzhen and we've been
tracking the EV space so I mean pick
your
pick your buy the dip potential uh
option here so Xong is down still Lee
Auto is leading declines has been
leading declines in BYD still can't
catch a bit we're now trading at about
110 right now from about north of I
think 130 I think was the peak back uh
in early May. Now all that being said uh
the folk I think BYD reports in about
two week two and a half weeks or so. And
speaking of earnings, the reason I bring
that up is Kathy Pacific's actually out
uh in a couple of hours uh on that we
might get might get is the operative
word might get confirmation here of this
Bloomberg scoop that Kathy is poised to
actually order new aircraft from Boeing
for the first time in 12 years. Now,
sources say the purchase plan could be
announced as soon as these earnings,
which come out in a couple of hours in
what could be a major boost for Boeing's
7X program. Now, Kathy will also unveil
its first half results with analysts
expecting improved earnings and robust
passenger demand and lower jet fuel
costs. And that could aid, if not
justify even further, share price up by
half over the last 12 months or so. But
some analysts are actually warning that
the rally may be running out of steam,
citing valuation concern. Let's bring in
Charlotte Yang, our Asia equities
reporter, who put out this nice piece
for us, of course, on the stock going
into these earnings. What's the what set
the stage for us here?
>> Yeah. So, on the earnings front, we're
likely to see continuing solid momentum.
But I think the real question here, and
let's ask our analysts, is how much
upside there is. You know, up to now,
the shares had a 50% rally over the past
year, is now trading at a highest level
in six years. and also um and also
already ahead of the consensus price
target and also valuation has become
less attractive. But first on the
earnings front, we're likely to see you
know a rise in the revenue as well as um
operating profit operating profit
boosted by strong passenger demand um as
well as um a lower jet fuel cost.
However, net income could be weighed on
by the continued losses we're seeing at
a China where Cathy holds a 50% stake
and also what being focused will be on
Cassie's any guidance Kathy can give in
terms of cargo which investors had many
concerns given that cargo is a very
important unit for to Kathy but also
that how it's so sensitive to the trade
tensions and the e-commerce flows from
between China and the US. Um so again
it's about really about how much upside
there is still for the stock and Alice
now the buy rating has dropped to one/3
versus a full corum last year. So that
is to to show you some of the cautious
uh sentiment there.
>> Okay stay on earnings Yum China reported
I think before the US markets open
yesterday. What can you tell us about
that? Yeah. So, Yam China we saw a
pretty heavy um sell off in the shares
in Hong Kong both in Hong Kong and
overnight in the US which has baffled
many analysts because they feel like the
second quarter results is quite strong
and also it actually shows you that the
company took a pretty balanced approach
in terms of protecting their margins
while you know um and also you know to
boost sales but what investors didn't
like is about it guidance for the second
half which some people feel is too
conservative. So they expecting the same
store sales to stay steady for the
second half even with you know the given
the deliveries um delivery war that's
ongoing which helped you know boost some
of the volume there and also the
companies cutting their cash return to
investors in 2027 another thing people
didn't like and I think short-term wise
is this continuing competition and also
in the rational consumers that are
thinking about how much they spend and
that's not boating well for the company.
So even though a second quarter results
is okay, concerns um persists for the
second half.
>> Charlotte, thank you so much. Charlotte
Yang, Asia Equities reporter on Yeah.
the two big corporate stories right now
moving these markets, right? You have uh
Kathy Pacific and earnings are coming
out soon and of course Yum China which
again baffling some people on the street
there given the decent earnings but the
I guess opposite reaction expected
reaction in the stock price. Right. Uh
some other corporate news that we're
tracking today. Nvidia and Apple partner
Hanghai saw well July sales slow by
7.25% marking the weakest performance
since January as tariff concerns hit
electronics demand. Still, Hanghai is
expanding its US server production,
betting on big tech, spending even more
on AI infrastructure and capacity. It
may also have gained from strong iPhone
demand as Apple reported its fastest
quarterly revenue growth in more than 3
years. Now uh Apollo Global Management
posted a record profit from fees in the
second quarter fueled by by a boost in
lending activity and also managed
assets. Uh the firm collected get this
61 billion in the quarter boosting its
managed assets get this another whopping
number 800 840 billion. Uh that's well
ahead of expectations. Now the rising
inflows and fees contributed to a 17
that's 17% jump in adjusted net income.
Right. Shares of German auto chip maker
Infion uh climbed in Frankfurt. That's
past tense of course as the company said
it would take less than a tariff hit
than expected while also forecasting
stronger margins. The CFO Shven
Schneider told us that more of their
strategy is actually key uh in the
Chinese market.
The number one position we are enjoying
in China is a is a very strong one. Uh
which we are also defending. Uh how is
that possible? First of all, you have to
have the right products. Secondly, you
have to continuously invest in into
innovation. Uh and we have here some
very good examples on very new
technologies but also on pretty mature
technologies like uh low power mid high
power MOSFETs where the next generation
brings our customers 20 30% efficiency
gains. The product to system approach
where we are not simply selling pieces
and and components but a full system to
a customer. These are things which keep
uh us at a distance to international and
also Chinese competitors. But you are
absolutely right. The speed with which
innovation is happening in China on all
ends is mind-blowing. We are responding
to that very successfully. That's why we
are designed in in not only in
international but also in the top
leading and emerging Chinese OEMs and
tier ones. uh but we have to keep going
and I also have to confess uh and that's
no news we have said it repeatedly there
are also certain product categories we
call it commodity products low power
products where we are losing
intentionally market share given that
the business is no longer profitable
enough for us that's also part of the
journey but enjoying the broadest
product portfolio uh is a very very big
differentiator for us going forward
>> and another part of the journey is not
only innovation for you, it has also
been inorganic growth acquisitions. I'm
thinking of Marvel Technologies over in
the United States. Um, when you think
about the long-term strategy at Infinian
and you think about other acquisitions
in the future, what kind of category of
activity is still missing in your
portfolio, where would that come from?
So, first of all, I'm happy to share
with you uh that the um Marll automotive
Ethernet acquisition after a pretty
short time has received already all
regulatory approvals. So, we expect this
transaction uh to uh close in the near
future, which is good news. It
strengthens our microcontroller business
on the automotive side. But also beyond
automotive, it opens new opportunities
for Infinion in adjacent fields like
humanoid robots. So that's very
positive. M&A is always and has always
been an important part of Infinian's
growth journey in the national rectifier
Cyprus uh GAN systems Marll and we will
keep looking into opportunities. They
have to fit of course clear criteria,
strategic fit, financial fit, very
important, cultural fit because you know
many transactions are healthy and good
but they do not materialize because
culturally it doesn't work together and
of course we are looking into areas uh
for example to mention uh sensors or
software where it could be interesting
to enlarge our portfolio even further.
[Music]
>> There we go. conversation there with
Oliver Crook, our colleague. And by the
way, you can catch that for our Bloomer
client subscribers can catch that on uh
the TV go function. You can watch us
live. You can scroll back if you missed
that interview or others that you might
have missed uh from our programming in
the last, you know, even take it back a
week if somehow you get an itch for
something that we did a rerun of the
China show this time last week. Not sure
why you do that, but it's available in
case that floats your boat. Check it
out. TV go. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China show. The Reserve
Bank of India is going to be the next
landmark
or landmine depending of course on which
side of the FX equation you're sitting
on or bond yields have been effectively
steady. Uh this one's going to be a
rather close one given well for one when
you look at the split from economists
it's about a third actually think they
might move today. Um the the broader
conversation has been really on lower
rates, right? So we're about 100 basis
points. You had 25 in Feb, 25 and then
50 in the last one as well. It's a
complicated conversation because if it's
only inflation or if it's only the
slowdown to consider it's more
straightforward, but you have this
uncertainty over the next 24 hours with
what Donald Trump might actually impose
on India, right? Uh uh a higher tariff,
substantially higher. We're only talking
25%. Okay. Uh we're looking at
Yeah, sorry. We're going to correct this
for you because it doesn't add up to
100%. That's interesting math though.
That's actually 12 economists and uh 12
economists think they're going to cut,
25 think they're going to hold. We'll
correct it for you and I promise you
we'll show you that to you in a moment
here. Well, in the meantime, let's bring
in our team to talk us through this. Our
South Asia economy editor, Ruchi Batia,
joins us out of Delhi. And also joining
us right now is our Bloomberg government
reporter Sudi Ranjansen to help us
understand the many complexities going
into this specific uh rate decision.
Sudi, let me bring you in and start
with, you know, it's rare if not the
first time we're looking at an RBI rate
decision talking about Russia and energy
links and Donald Trump. Set the stage
for us. Why why do those things matter
at this point in time?
Well, it matters because you know India
needs energy and it needs energy at a
reasonable cost uh for its economy to
grow. Uh and with the war in Ukraine and
uh Europe cutting down on supplies from
Russia substantially reducing its
purchase from Russia uh the oil that was
available in the from the Gulf uh you
know is short and therefore and and at
the same point of time Russia uh is
selling oil cheap. it is selling uh
there is a there is a price cap that has
been uh put on Russian oil it's selling
at that so u as as a as a democracy
which you know which is growing it's the
point that India is trying to put
forward is that it it's purchase of
petroleum products is market driven
which means that whichever or wherever
there is cheap energy it will purchase
however what we see of late is that
President Trump has all of a sudden
linked the issue of trade and the trade
negotiations a tariff with India's
relationship with Russia. Of course, the
reason is that President Trump wants to
end uh the entire Russian war in Ukraine
but has not been successful. So there is
there is a lot of pressure now coming on
India to end its relationship with
Russia uh you know with the with the
intent of putting more pressure on
Putin.
How does it how would that look though
Sudi domestically? Uh in other words, do
you think the the the bluff from the
white house works?
>> Well, so far it hasn't worked. Uh India
has been very very uh you know resilient
in that. In fact, it's been defined in
in a way saying that it's you know to
ask India to stop purchasing oil from
Russia uh is not going to work. In a
very uncharacteristic statement that we
saw from New Delhi uh day before
yesterday evening, it clearly said that
the European Union and the United States
both continue their trading and trading
relationship, continue to buy stuff from
Russia and it the the trade between
India and Russia is much smaller in fact
than what European Union buys. So
clearly pointing fingers back at
European Union which which is also be
has criticized India for buying oil from
Russia at the same point of time
pointing fingers back at Trump.
>> Okay. Now this goes into the RBI
decision Sudi Ranjan Sen and help us
understand how this complicates what
should be fairly straightforward really
for the RBI today.
Okay, I think we're going through some
technical issues. U question for me.
>> Yeah, go ahead.
>> Oh, yeah. So, I was just wondering, so
we just outlined the geopolitical
conversation that somehow has permeated
into the RBI conversation today. U it
should be more straightforward, but it's
not at least for this specific meeting.
Uh help us understand the complexities
here. David, this is definitely going to
be a very tough one coming in for the
central bank because if you see in the
last few days alone, uh the expectations
have shifted from a no cut to a scenario
where many economists just in the last
few days have shifted their calls uh to
a 25 basis cut uh a basis point cut uh
with hope that uh there is a need to
cushion the Indian economy. Having said
that um you know uh Governor Sanjay
Malotra has already said that if uh
inflation falls further and remember it
is already uh below the RBI's 4% target
level for 5 months in a row or if uh
growth falls further because uh as
against the 8% growth that we saw in the
last few years we're now at the 6 and a
half% and the tariff shock could further
uh you know uh shave off another 30
basis point of growth. Uh so uh this
time around the central bank will have
to make those considerations the fact
that it's not just the 25% tariff uh uh
that Donald Trump has announced. He's
also said that there will he will look
to substantially increase the tariff. So
there is a lot of uncertainty that's
playing out and that will definitely be
front and center of what the rate
setters are likely to consider today.
>> What is the inflation trend tell us
about what should be the decision today
or at the next meeting?
The inflation trends are looking very
good. In fact, we have a good monsoon.
Uh the sewing pattern looks very good
and it does look like that uh inflation
will continue to remain below the RBI's
target level not just for this year but
perhaps around the same level next year
as well. So on the inflation front there
is a lot of comfort that the central
bank is drawing. where they're not
drawing comfort is on the growth front
where there's a lot of uncertainty
playing out and remember even the Indian
domestic economy is not doing very well
because there is still a slowdown of
sorts that we're seeing in the urban
centers where wage growth is fairly
stagnant and that uh you know is a big
worry for the government for really for
how long will the government keep uh
keep keep spending uh by itself uh and
uh you know that's uh really helped the
government in the last few years in
terms of pushing growth but till how
long will that lever really work because
there is a slowdown in terms of exports.
On the other hand, um you know,
investments are not picking up uh and
and there are uh you know, there is this
broader global uncertainty, a global
slowdown that will feed into today's
decision-m as well
>> team fantastic
can hardly wait really
batch there of course and Suji and Sen
both in Delhi for us really on uh really
a big one uh today. Uh in fact just on
the very note we just showed you that
pie chart with a corrected one and
apologies of course for the minor error
earlier on. So it split decently sized
minority think 30% actually think we
might get a move today. So a couple of
things in case you do did do need more
context here. Uh one is the podcast of
course and the price really if you think
about it the price of India's reliance
on Russian oil could come in the form of
a rate that should be lower but it's not
just tying those two things together. Uh
you can check it out on the terminal for
our Bloomberg subscribers and also if
you check out the T live go function
which takes you through the action in
and around and during that rate decision
which comes through in a couple of
hours. Stay tuned for that. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Lots of corporate earnings to tell
you about. Corporate stories. We are in
the thick of things, of course. Uh BP
shares, of course, in case you missed
it. Uh up in London, 3% as to the close
on Tuesday here. Second quarter earnings
easily beating expectations there.
That's a day after the company announced
uh an oil discovery of Brazil. That's
the biggest find in a quarter century.
But CEO uh Murray Oenclaus is actually
pledging that the company can and will
do better as it launches a new a review
of its businesses and costs. And he also
told us that he is upbeat about overall
energy demand.
>> Demand remains pretty pretty robust if
I'm honest. Um despite all the
headlines, 1% growth in demand uh over
the past 20 years or so. 2025 looks like
1% demand growth. 2026 looks like 1%
demand growth to us from different
sectors from pet cams in 26 but demand
growth continued to be strong for the
product.
Let's uh talk about Tesla. The company
posting another steep sales decline this
time in Europe as it closes loses ground
rather to China's BYD. Uh we'll talk
about BYD in a moment here, but yeah,
July sales in Germany and in the UK fell
by more than half from a year ago.
That's based on EV registrations. By
contrast, yeah, BYD's similar metric of
registrations, they're more than
quadrupled in each country. Now, the
ongoing slump adds to concerns that Elon
Musk's political activities are hurting
the brand. Okay, speaking of BYD, it's
really a stock that we've been tracking.
You know, a lot of fund managers hold
the stock and certainly the declines
we've seen of late is one of concern and
we've talked about this earlier on in
the first hour of the China show. Is
this now good value for the stock given
number one how quickly the share price
has receded that's market cap of about
now 45 billion that's a rough estimate
from my account that's been erased from
the peak back in May technicals it's
below the 200 day moving average for the
first time in about 12 months and ditto
when it comes to the 14-day RSI which is
now by the way below 30 for the first
time also in 12 months time as far as a
stock price target goes we had a
conversation earlier with McCory and
they're basically saying they've revised
it down but still do expect the company
shares to still move forward ahead.
Okay. Um apart from that, Shanghai
Composite is one specific benchmark in
the greater Chinese equity market that's
actually done better than others. In
fact, at these levels right now, the
chart takes you back all the way to
2015, even further back, if you take it
back to 2013, that blows off because of
that aberration that we had in May of
2015 going into August of that year. But
yes, suffice to say we're very close
right now to taking out the highs that
we hit during the pandemic and it's
really one that's had somewhat of decent
momentum. Could be down if not down
specifically to index constituency.
Anyway, keep keep your eye on Shanghai
comp right. Um other things Yum China
out with earnings yesterday were down
about 5% big drop about 6 7% in the ADR
session overnight and the something that
is puzzling because it was a decent set
of earnings but again it underscores
competition within the consumption space
here but yeah don't make no doubt 2Q
earnings actually coming in ahead of
forecast. Now, we talked about these
baby related stocks and again I think
for the third time this hour in case you
missed that. Yeah, policy support
leading to a rally as far as these
markets go. Uh before I go, keep an eye
on Hibbore wasn't one yesterday. There
should be one today comes out in the
next hour. We will see you all tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us here on the
China show.
[Music]